Racism exists. You may not see it and you may not experience it. Listen to a story from a person of color today and sit with it.
Do Not Assume people of color think alike. We are not all the same.
Be sensetive to the fact that people of color may not want to talk about their race.
Learn about the country of origin of a person of color. Don't perpetuate negative stereotypes.
Africa is not a country. It is a continent. Africa is not homogenous.
Comparing your own skin tone or the skin tones of people of color can be insulting.
Reserve sensetive questions about race and experience for close relationships.
Just because I'm a person of color does not mean I'm athletic. Positive stereotypes are still stereotypes and if we happen to not reflect a positive stereotype how do you think that makes us feel?
Don't assume that just because we're Asian we're good at math. Thoughtfully consider the stereotypes you hold and why.
Stereotypes are normal, they are a part of the human condition but recognize them and do not allow stereotypes to pervert your opinion of a person.
People are individuals.
Some people of color genuinely do not feel safe in their local community or as a cultural minority. Try to understand why.
The pay gap between people of color and white people is greater than the gender pay gap.
Remember Ferguson. Take some time to revisit that part of history.
Remember Charleston. Take some time to revisit that part of history.
People of color are not automatically criminals.
Say aloud to someone that "Black Lives Matter"
Having committed a crime is not justification for execution.
Re-examin your beliefs about "crime".
Law enforcement is a for profit institution
Criminal "justice" is not.
Do not dismiss the link below. Visit it, and think about it.
Challenge one other person to be an ally today!
We are people, you and I. What unites you with your brothers and sisters of color?
Do not invalidate the lived experience of any person of color
You have value. Your opinion and input is valuable. Share your opinion and speak the truth even when it's unpopular.
Never justify treating people poorly. Treat people as you want to be treated.
You have internal bias. Identify your bias, understand it. Now help your friends identify and understand theirs.
You are in the best position to correct people like you.
If you are not vocally denouncing bad behavior you are not an ally.
Consider politics, the role of elected officials.
All laws restricting behavior or requiring conformity disproprtionately and negatively impact minorities and marginalized people.
Laws of, by, and for the majority are bad for the minority.
